We played a lot with images and camera images.
As you might imagine, eyes for
the machine are as important as our own eyes when we see the world.
But we don't just have eyes,
we have noses, we have ears, we have skin,
we have built-in sensors that can measure the deflection
of our muscles or we can understand the gravity points through our ears.
So, these sensors give us, people,
the ability to have this kind of amazing image of the world,
it goes way beyond computer vision.
Now, the same is true for cars.
There's sensors called radar,
lidar or laser, and many other sensors.
A self-driving car expert takes input
from all these data sources and turns then into coherent picture.
Why say more than one where it's completely obvious like your eyes can't smell and
your nose can't hear and
these different types of information are still important to live human life.
The same is true for car. So, lidar is able to see
distances which eyes have a hard time with,
and radar can see sometimes through fog where visible lights can't go through.
So, now we're going to dive in and talk about two sensors,
talking about the math behind it and eventually work on
integrating sources from multiple sensors into one singular world picture.